How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

It is important to write projects that not only make sense, but can also be reused in the future. While writing code, it is essential to annotate and describe each line so the user can follow along. Going back and understanding older projects can help create or modify successful new ones. Specifically with the CRUD module, this can be generalized within any project. The create, read, update, and delete functions can be helpful regardless of the project. Instead of redoing this class every time, it can be called upon to save time for the user. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? 

I, personally, approach a problem as a computer scientist from a logical standpoint. I try to determine what would be the most effective strategy to an issue. With the projects I executed this term, I constantly made lists as to what needed to be implemented. I looked over the requirements multiple times to gain an understanding of what I needed to include. I would check off each requirement as I went to ensure efficiency. Since these projects were more code heavy than some previously completed ones, I would test my code often to make sure each individual part would be accurate. I like how portions of this code could be modularized and reused. I believe this will come in handy for future projects.

 How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
 
Computer scientists are responsible for a multitude of things, depending on which niche they fall into. Whether it is cyber security or programming, scientists help create applications and keep them safe. With Grazioso Salvare, I created an application for clients to use, but I also created proper authorization to keep that data safe. Both parts are imperative for a computer scientist to be trusted by their customer. 

